Update Lightning import error handling (#13376) (#13395)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

> To improve the speed for index creation using this variable, make sure that your TiDB cluster is hosted on AWS and your TiDB node size is at least 8 vCPU. For [Serverless Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#serverless-tier-beta) clusters, this feature is unavailable.

> </CustomContent>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</CustomContent>

```

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

> **Note:**
>

> > Index accelleration requires a [`temp-dir`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#temp-dir-new-in-v630) that is writable and has enough free space to be able to function. If the `temp-dir` is unusable TiDB will fall back to non-accelerated index building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Index acceleration requires a [`temp-dir`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#temp-dir-new-in-v630) that is writable and has enough free space. If the `temp-dir` is unavailable, TiDB will fall back to non-accelerated index building.
```

</CustomContent>

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

> **Note:**
>

> > Index acceleration requires a [`temp-dir`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#temp-dir-new-in-v630) that is writable and has enough free space. If the `temp-dir` is unusable, TiDB falls back to non-accelerated index building.

Reviewer 2: Is this line duplicated with https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/13584/files#diff-ec2cbb115cc58fe3afe2862eb5148732d323cbf7ae35dea97bd381a1f8d0e8a0R1165 ?

Author: I've updated this a bit. PTAL @ran-huang

> **Note:**

> >

Reviewer: Can we swap the sequence of the two notes to let users understand what `temp-dir` is and then tell them why the configuration is recommended before the upgrade?

>
> Before you upgrade TiDB to v6.5.0 or later, it is recommended that you check whether the [`temp-dir`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#temp-dir-new-in-v630) path of TiDB is correctly mounted to an SSD disk. This path is a TiDB configuration item, which takes effect after TiDB is restarted. Therefore, setting this configuration item before upgrading can avoid another restart.

> **Note:**
>

> > Index acceleration requires a [`temp-dir`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#temp-dir-new-in-v630) that is writable and has enough free space. If the `temp-dir` is unusable, TiDB falls back to non-accelerated index building. It is recommended to put the `temp-dir` on a SSD disk.

Reviewer 2: Can you please merge the two notes into one? Like using a list:

> Note:
> - one note...
> - another note...

The rest LGTM

Author: Done.
